Adds missing email verification snippet (#656)
supertokens/docs: v2/emailpassword/common-customizations/email-verification/protecting-routes.mdx

</FrontendMobileSubTabs>

<details><summary>Handling 403 responses on the frontend</summary>

> If your frontend queries a protected API on your backend and it fails with a 403, you can check the value of the `st-ev` claim in the access token payload. If it is not set you can send the verification email

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your frontend queries a protected API on your backend and it fails with a 403, you can check the value of the `st-ev` claim in the access token payload. If it is set to false you can send the verification email
```
